total 46080
-rwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff     221 Feb  1 18:11 Epi_getorg_script.sh
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 14:04 Epidendrum aff. lumbaquiense
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 14:04 Epidendrum amethystinum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 14:05 Epidendrum amplexigastrium
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 14:05 Epidendrum anceps
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 14:06 Epidendrum arevaloi
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 14:06 Epidendrum avicula
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 14:06 Epidendrum basilare
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 14:07 Epidendrum bianthogastrium
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 14:07 Epidendrum blepharistes
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 14:07 Epidendrum brachycorymbosum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 14:08 Epidendrum brevivenium
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 14:08 Epidendrum breviyacuriense
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 14:09 Epidendrum calanthum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 14:09 Epidendrum calyptratoides
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:32 Epidendrum cardiophorum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:32 Epidendrum cf. carchiense
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 14:10 Epidendrum chachapoyarum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:32 Epidendrum chlorocorymbos
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:32 Epidendrum cochlidium
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:32 Epidendrum condordifforme
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:32 Epidendrum coronatum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:26 Epidendrum dermatanthum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:26 Epidendrum elegantissimum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:27 Epidendrum erectifolium
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 16:07 Epidendrum escobarianum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 16:08 Epidendrum eustirum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:27 Epidendrum excisum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:28 Epidendrum falsigarayi
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 18:07 Epidendrum ferreyrae
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 18:07 Epidendrum flexuosum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:28 Epidendrum galeottianum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 18:07 Epidendrum glossaspis
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:49 Epidendrum guanacastense
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 18:04 Epidendrum hagsateri
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 18:04 Epidendrum hassleri
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 18:06 Epidendrum heterodoxum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 18:04 Epidendrum hueycantenanguense
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 18:05 Epidendrum hymenodes
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:34 Epidendrum ilinizae
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:34 Epidendrum insignificans
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:35 Epidendrum jamesonis
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:35 Epidendrum jimburense
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:49 Epidendrum kockii
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:36 Epidendrum laurelense
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:37 Epidendrum leptanthum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:37 Epidendrum longipetalum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:37 Epidendrum longirepens
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:38 Epidendrum macdougalii
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:38 Epidendrum macrocyphum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:39 Epidendrum mainauanum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:49 Epidendrum marmoratum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:39 Epidendrum megapentadactylon
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:40 Epidendrum melanoporphyreum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:42 Epidendrum micronocturnum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:44 Epidendrum musciferum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:47 Epidendrum nocturnum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:49 Epidendrum nora mesae
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:50 Epidendrum nubium
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:50 Epidendrum oellgardii
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:51 Epidendrum orchidiflorum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:49 Epidendrum oxybatesii
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:55 Epidendrum pachyrhachis
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:56 Epidendrum palaciosii
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:51 Epidendrum parvicochlidium
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:56 Epidendrum peristerium
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:52 Epidendrum phyllocharis
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:57 Epidendrum pogonochilum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:54 Epidendrum polystachyum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:49 Epidendrum porquerense
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:59 Epidendrum propinquum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:57 Epidendrum pseudospathoides
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 18:00 Epidendrum ramosum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:58 Epidendrum rauhii
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 18:00 Epidendrum rhodanthum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 18:01 Epidendrum rhomboscutellum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 18:01 Epidendrum rolfeanum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 17:58 Epidendrum scharfii
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 18:02 Epidendrum schistochilum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  2 18:02 Epidendrum schumannianum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 15:28 Epidendrum siphonosepalum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 16:08 Epidendrum splendens
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 15:29 Epidendrum stamfordianum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 16:09 Epidendrum tandapianum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 16:09 Epidendrum tetraceros
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 16:10 Epidendrum totoroense
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 18:08 Epidendrum vandifolium
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:28 Epidendrum viviparum
drwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff  262144 Feb  1 17:29 Epidendrum wrightii
-rwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff    2832 Jan 25 21:03 auto.pl
-rwxrwxrwx  1 gerardosalazar  staff       0 Feb  3 17:30 namelist.txt
